Add subscriptions to relationship events to docs (#2467)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/subscriptions/events/create_relationship.adoc

[[create_relationship]]
= Create Relationship Subscriptions

WARNING: Subscriptions are only available as a beta; its API may change in the future. It is not recommended to use subscriptions in production environments.

Subscriptions to `CREATE_RELATIONSHIP` events will listen for newly created relationships to a node of the specified type. 

NOTE: This subscription operation is **only** available for types that define relationship fields.

As relationship-specific information, the event will contain the relationship field name, as well as an object containing all relationship field names of the specified type. This object will be populated with properties according to the newly created relationship.

NOTE: A new event will be triggered for each new relationship.

> This means that, if the type targeted for the subscriptions defines two or more relationships in the schema and one of each relationships are created following a mutation operation, there will be an equal number of events triggered as the number of created relationships. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that, if the type targeted for the subscriptions defines two or more relationships in the schema and one of each relationships are created following a mutation operation, the number of events triggered will be equivalent to the number of relationships created. 
```

NOTE: Irrespective of the relationship direction in the database, the `CREATE_RELATIONSHIP` event is bound to the type targeted for the subscription. The consequence is that - given a relationship between types A and B that is not reciprocal (that is, in the GraphQL schema type A defines a relationship to B but B does **not** define a relationship to A) and a GraphQL operation that creates the relationship between them - even though the two nodes will be connected in the database, the `CREATE_RELATIONSHIP` event will only be returned to the subscription to type A. Check out the xref:subscriptions/events/create_relationship.adoc#non-reciprocal-relationships[Non-reciprocal Relationships] section below for more details.

For example, considering the following type definitions:
```graphql

> type Movie {
>     title: String
>     genre: String
>     actors: [Actor] @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: IN, properties: "ActedIn")
>     reviewers: [Reviewer] @relationship(type: "REVIEWED", direction: IN, properties: "Reviewed")
> }
> type Actor {
>     name: String
> }
> interface ActedIn @relationshipProperties {
>     screenTime: Int!
> }
> type Reviewer {
>     name: String
>     reputation: Int
> }
> interface Reviewed @relationshipProperties {
>     score: Int!
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Movie {
    title: String
    genre: String
    actors: [Actor] @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: IN, properties: "ActedIn")
    reviewers: [Reviewer] @relationship(type: "REVIEWED", direction: IN, properties: "Reviewed")
}

type Actor {
    name: String
}

interface ActedIn @relationshipProperties {
    screenTime: Int!
}

type Reviewer {
    name: String
    reputation: Int
}

interface Reviewed @relationshipProperties {
    score: Int!
}
```

    createdRelationship: {
        actors: {
            screenTime: 1000, # relationship properties for the relationship type `ACTED_IN`
            node: { # top-level properties of the node at the other end of the relationship, in this case `Actor` type
                name: "Tom Hardy"
            }
        },
        reviewers: null # relationship declared by this field name is not covered by this event, check out the following...
    }
}
{
    # 2 - relationship type `REVIEWED`
    event: "CREATE_RELATIONSHIP",
    timestamp,
    movie: {
        title: "Inception",
        genre: "Adventure"
    },
    relationshipFieldName: "reviewers", # this event covers the relationship declared by this field name
    createdRelationship: {
        actors: null, # relationship declared by this field name is not covered by this event
        reviewers: { # field name equal to `relationshipFieldName`
            score: 8, 
            node: { 
                name: "Jane",
                reputation: 9
            }
        }
    }
}
```

== Examples

=== Create Relationship with Standard Types

For example, considering the following type definitions:
```graphql

> type Movie {
>     title: String
>     genre: String
>     actors: [Actor] @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: IN, properties: "ActedIn")
> }
> type Actor {
>     name: String
> }
> interface ActedIn @relationshipProperties {
>     screenTime: Int!
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Movie {
    title: String
    genre: String
    actors: [Actor] @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: IN, properties: "ActedIn")
}

type Actor {
    name: String
}

interface ActedIn @relationshipProperties {
    screenTime: Int!
}
```

```

A subscription to any `Movie` created relationships would look like:
```graphql
subscription {
    movieRelationshipCreated {
        event
        timestamp
        movie {
            title
            genre
        }
        relationshipFieldName
        createdRelationship {
            actors {
                screenTime
                node {
                    name
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

=== Create Relationship with Abstract Types

When using Abstract Types with relationships, you will need to specify one or more of the corresponding Concrete Types when performing the subscription operation.

These types are generated by the library and conform to the format `[type]EventPayload`, where `[type]` is a **Concrete Type**. 

==== Union Example
Considering the following type definitions:
```graphql

> type Movie {
>     title: String
>     genre: String
>     directors: [Director!]! @relationship(type: "DIRECTED", properties: "Directed", direction: IN)
> }
> union Director = Person | Actor
> type Actor {
>     name: String
> }
> type Person {
>     name: String
>     reputation: Int
> }
> interface Directed @relationshipProperties {
>     year: Int!
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Movie {
    title: String
    genre: String
    directors: [Director!]! @relationship(type: "DIRECTED", properties: "Directed", direction: IN)
}

union Director = Person | Actor

type Actor {
    name: String
}

type Person {
    name: String
    reputation: Int
}

interface Directed @relationshipProperties {
    year: Int!
}
```

```

A subscription to any `Movie` created relationships would look like:
```graphql
subscription {
    movieRelationshipCreated {
        event
        timestamp
        movie {
            title
            genre
        }
        relationshipFieldName
        createdRelationship {
           directors {
                year
                node {
                    ... on PersonEventPayload { # generated type
                        name
                        reputation
                    }
                    ... on ActorEventPayload { # generated type
                        name
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

==== Interface Example
Considering the following type definitions:
```graphql

> type Movie {
>     title: String
>     genre: String
>     reviewers: [Reviewer!]! @relationship(type: "REVIEWED", properties: "Review", direction: IN)
> }
> interface Reviewer {
>     reputation: Int!
> }
> type Magazine implements Reviewer {
>     title: String
>     reputation: Int!
> }
> type Influencer implements Reviewer {
>     name: String
>     reputation: Int!
> }
> interface Review {
>     score: Int!
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Movie {
    title: String
    genre: String
    reviewers: [Reviewer!]! @relationship(type: "REVIEWED", properties: "Review", direction: IN)
}

interface Reviewer {
    reputation: Int!
}

type Magazine implements Reviewer {
    title: String
    reputation: Int!
}

type Influencer implements Reviewer {
    name: String
    reputation: Int!
}

interface Review {
    score: Int!
}
```

```

A subscription to any `Movie` created relationships would look like:
```graphql
subscription {
    movieRelationshipCreated {
        event
        timestamp
        movie {
            title
            genre
        }
        relationshipFieldName
        createdRelationship {
            reviewers {
                score
                node {
                    reputation
                    ... on MagazineEventPayload { # generated type
                        title
                        reputation
                    }
                    ... on InfluencerEventPayload { # generated type
                        name
                        reputation
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

[[non-reciprocal-relationships]]
=== Non-reciprocal relationships

Considering the following type definitions:
```graphql

> type Movie {
>     title: String
>     genre: String
>     actors: [Actor] @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: IN, properties: "ActedIn")
>     directors: [Director!]! @relationship(type: "DIRECTED", properties: "Directed", direction: IN)
> }
> type Actor {
>     name: String
>     movies: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", properties: "ActedIn", direction: OUT)
> }
> type Person {
>     name: String
>     reputation: Int
> }
> union Director = Person | Actor
> interface ActedIn @relationshipProperties {
>     screenTime: Int!
> }
> interface Directed @relationshipProperties {
>     year: Int!
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Movie {
    title: String
    genre: String
    actors: [Actor] @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", direction: IN, properties: "ActedIn")
    directors: [Director!]! @relationship(type: "DIRECTED", properties: "Directed", direction: IN)
}

type Actor {
    name: String
    movies: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "ACTED_IN", properties: "ActedIn", direction: OUT)
}

type Person {
    name: String
    reputation: Int
}

union Director = Person | Actor

interface ActedIn @relationshipProperties {
    screenTime: Int!
}

interface Directed @relationshipProperties {
    year: Int!
}
```

                screenTime
                node {
                    title
                    genre
                }
           }
           # no other field corresponding to the `DIRECTED` relationship type
        }
    }
}
```

The presence of the `movie` field inside of `createdRelationship` for the `actorRelationshipCreated` subscription reflects the fact that the `ACTED_IN` typed relationship is reciprocal.

Therefore, when a new relationship of this type is made, such as by running a mutation as follows...
```graphql
mutation {
    createMovies(
        input: [
            {
                actors: {
                    create: [
                        {
                            node: {
                                name: "Keanu Reeves"
                            },
                            edge: {
                                screenTime: 420
                            }
                        }
                    ]
                },
                title: "John Wick",
                genre: "Action"
            }
        ]
    ) {
        movies {
            title
            genre
        }
    }
}
```

> ...two events will be published (given that we subscribed to `CREATE_RELATIONSHIP` events on both types):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two events will be published (given that we subscribed to `CREATE_RELATIONSHIP` events on both types):
```

    }
    relationshipFieldName: "directors",
    createdRelationship {
        actors: null,
        directors: {
            year: 1989,
            node: {
                name: "Woody Allen"
            }
        }
    }
},
{ 
    # relationship 2 - from `movieRelationshipCreated`
    event: "CREATE_RELATIONSHIP"
    timestamp
    movie {
        title: "New York Stories",
        genre: "Comedy"
    }
    relationshipFieldName: "directors",
    createdRelationship {
        actors: null,
        directors: {
            year: 1989,
            node: {
                 name: "Francis Ford Coppola",
                reputation: 100
            }
        }
    }
}
```

== Special Considerations

[[connect-same-label]]
=== Types using the same Neo4j label

One case that deserves special consideration is overriding the label in Neo4j for a specific GraphQL type. 
This can be achieved using the `@node` directive, by specifying the `label` argument.

NOTE: While this section serves an informative purpose, it should be mentioned that, in the majority of cases, this is not the recommended approach of designing your API.

Consider the following type definitions:
```graphql

> type Actor @node(label: "Person") {
>     name: String
>     movies: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: OUT)
> }
> typePerson {
>     name: String
>     movies: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: OUT)
> }
> type Movie {
>     title: String
>     genre: String
>     people: [Person!]!  @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: IN)
>     actors: [Actor!]!  @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: IN)
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Actor @node(label: "Person") {
    name: String
    movies: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: OUT)
}

type Person {
    name: String
    movies: [Movie!]! @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: OUT)
}

type Movie {
    title: String
    genre: String
    people: [Person!]!  @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: IN)
    actors: [Actor!]!  @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: IN)
}
```

At the database level there is no distinction between `Actor` and `Person`. Therefore, when creating a new relationship of type `PART_OF`, there will be one event for each of the 2 types.

Considering the following subscriptions:

```graphql
subscription {
    movieRelationshipCreated {
        event
        timestamp
        movie {
            title
            genre
        }
        relationshipFieldName
        createdRelationship {
           people { # corresponds to the `PART_OF` relationship type
                node {
                    name
                }
           }
           actors { # corresponds to the `PART_OF` relationship type
                node {
                    name
                }
           }
        }
    }
}

subscription {
    actorRelationshipCreated {
        event
        timestamp
        actor {
            name
        }
        relationshipFieldName
        createdRelationship {
           movies { # corresponds to the `PART_OF` relationship type
                node {
                    title
                    genre
                }
           }
        }
    }
}
```

> ...running a mutation as follows...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running a mutation as follows:
```
